! Title: MyListForAdguard

! https://m.timesofindia.com
m.timesofindia.com###getapp
m.timesofindia.com###social
m.timesofindia.com##.openinapp_cont
m.timesofindia.com##.getapp
m.timesofindia.com##.UTMCz
m.timesofindia.com##.ctaopenapp
m.timesofindia.com###adFreeNudge
m.timesofindia.com##.openinappvideos
m.timesofindia.com##.selectCity
m.timesofindia.com###noad-freetrial
m.timesofindia.com##.location_detect_boxn1
m.timesofindia.com##.location_detect_box_overlay
m.timesofindia.com##.primeads
m.timesofindia.com##.remove-ad-btn
m.timesofindia.com##._1Rokh
m.timesofindia.com##._1M6kw
m.timesofindia.com##.BcqXN
m.timesofindia.com##.adDiv
m.timesofindia.com##._2Ndzu
m.timesofindia.com##.readstory_offline
m.timesofindia.com##.grid-list.shop.amz-box
m.timesofindia.com##.grid-list.amazongn_box.gn-affiliate-box
m.timesofindia.com##.ITdKg._2wcoe.sPtQv
m.timesofindia.com##._3OS-W
m.timesofindia.com##.ctn-workaround-div
m.timesofindia.com##.XuJKh
m.timesofindia.com##.xU6H_
m.timesofindia.com##.a3_tR
m.timesofindia.com##div.alC
m.timesofindia.com##._18IgV
m.timesofindia.com##._1tQnP
m.timesofindia.com##.push-dialog-container
m.timesofindia.com##.ATF_wrapper_perpetual
m.timesofindia.com##._3glwe
m.timesofindia.com##.CLSPlaceholder
m.timesofindia.com##.footerAdsBox
m.timesofindia.com##._3NkD2
m.timesofindia.com##._1cdg_
m.timesofindia.com##._3zFDW
m.timesofindia.com##.ATF_wrapper
m.timesofindia.com##[src="https://timesofindia.indiatimes.com/amazonslider_v1.cms?platform=mweb&tag=toi_wap_as_widget-21"]
m.timesofindia.com##.mobile-socialshare-bottom
m.timesofindia.com##._3ZXi-._20-Fx
m.timesofindia.com##.mobile-socialshare-top
||timesofindia.indiatimes.com/amazonslider
||m.timesofindia.com/etcommon_cube.cms$important
||m.timesofindia.com/common_cube.cms$important
||m.timesofindia.com/defaultinterstitial.cms$important

! https://timesofindia.indiatimes.com
timesofindia.indiatimes.com##.UTMCz
timesofindia.indiatimes.com##.BcqXN
timesofindia.indiatimes.com##.ITdKg._2wcoe.sPtQv
timesofindia.indiatimes.com##._2Ndzu
timesofindia.indiatimes.com##._3OS-W
timesofindia.indiatimes.com##.alC
||timesofindia.indiatimes.com/ad_free_nudge_text.cms$important
||timesofindia.indiatimes.com/defaultinterstitial.cms$important
||timesofindia.indiatimes.com/commentsdata.cms$important
||timesofindia.indiatimes.com/amazonslider_v2
||timesofindia.indiatimes.com//affiliate_new.cms

! https://navbharattimes.indiatimes.com
navbharattimes.indiatimes.com##.app_download
navbharattimes.indiatimes.com##.btn_openinapp
navbharattimes.indiatimes.com##.apna_bazaar_header
navbharattimes.indiatimes.com##.parallaxDiv
navbharattimes.indiatimes.com##.esicon
navbharattimes.indiatimes.com##.wdt_newsLetter
navbharattimes.indiatimes.com##.amz.box-content
navbharattimes.indiatimes.com##.con_fbapplinks
navbharattimes.indiatimes.com##.fbnad
||malayalam.samayam.com/off-url-forward/amazon_widget.cms$important

! https://mumbaimirror.indiatimes.com
mumbaimirror.indiatimes.com##.moreFromWorld

www.timesnownews.com##.common_ad_wrap

! https://www.indiatoday.in
www.indiatoday.in##.inline-story-add
www.indiatoday.in##.text-app-download
www.indiatoday.in##.goToTop
www.indiatoday.in##.story-header-ad
www.indiatoday.in##.story-social-share-fix
www.indiatoday.in##.app_menu
||feeds.intoday.in/newsletter/display_form.php$important

! https://www.news18.com
news18.com##.geta-app
news18.com##.ad-cntainer
news18.com##.getapp_wrap
news18.com##.mob_getapp
news18.com##.adv_wrp
news18.com##.story-social-share-fix
news18.com##.article_footer_txt
news18.com##.horoscope-mobile
news18.com##.article-mad
news18.com##.articleHeaderAd
news18.com##.stky-ad-footer
hindi.news18.com##.add
hindi.news18.com##.ad-cntainer-fly

! https://www.ndtv.com
www.ndtv.com##.static_txt
www.ndtv.com##.story_ft-nav
www.ndtv.com##.tele-wrap
www.ndtv.com##.static-txt-promo
www.ndtv.com##.mx-spon
www.ndtv.com###google_widget

food.ndtv.com##.add_top-wrp-fl
food.ndtv.com##.overlay__side-nav

! https://gadgets.ndtv.com
gadgets.ndtv.com###tbl-next-up
gadgets.ndtv.com###mid_ad_1
gadgets.ndtv.com###mid_ad_2
gadgets.ndtv.com###mid_ad_3
gadgets.ndtv.com###_pcwgtmrhs
gadgets.ndtv.com###__kpw_prod_rhs_wgt

! https://khabar.ndtv.com
khabar.ndtv.com##.story_ft-nav
khabar.ndtv.com###tbl-next-up
khabar.ndtv.com###android

! https://indianexpress.com
indianexpress.com##.app-btn
indianexpress.com##.adboxtop
indianexpress.com###non_subscribed_banner
indianexpress.com##.social-share-nextbtn
indianexpress.com###Bell_icon
indianexpress.com##.amp-ad

! https://www.newindianexpress.com
www.newindianexpress.com###cube
www.newindianexpress.com##.mobile_share
www.newindianexpress.com##.scc
www.newindianexpress.com##.ArticleComments

! https://m.economictimes.com
m.economictimes.com##.ads
m.economictimes.com##.flr.bold.getApp
m.economictimes.com##.appIcon
m.economictimes.com##.flr.viewApp
m.economictimes.com##.budgetCube
m.economictimes.com###wapFooter
m.economictimes.com###footer_banner
m.economictimes.com###primeWidget
m.economictimes.com##._1Ic-2
m.economictimes.com##._2rMIm
||apw.economictimes.indiatimes.com/adaptivepaywall/*$important
||etpwaapi.economictimes.com/request?type=comments$important
||economictimes.indiatimes.com/js_interstitial.cms$important

! https://www.financialexpress.com
www.financialexpress.com##.adsbox990x90
www.financialexpress.com###append_cubebox_box
www.financialexpress.com##.bell-icon

! https://www.livemint.com
www.livemint.com##.marqueeTicker.marketStat.cardHolder
www.livemint.com##.clearfix.topTxt
www.livemint.com###pushDownAd
||www.livemint.com/images/advertisement.svg$image
www.livemint.com##.mobileAd
www.livemint.com##.fixadheight
www.livemint.com##.smartcastAd
www.livemint.com##.lastadHeight280
www.livemint.com##.adMinHeight280
www.livemint.com##.adHeight280
||apigw.livemint.com/mapi/api/metered/v2/fetchDecision$important

! https://www.moneycontrol.com
www.moneycontrol.com###_w18_noti_div
www.moneycontrol.com##.show-mobile.app_btn_container
www.moneycontrol.com###getAppModel
www.moneycontrol.com##.fixedfortopwrap.show-moblie
www.moneycontrol.com##.notification_new_homepage
www.moneycontrol.com###article-main>b
www.moneycontrol.com##.download_app_container
www.moneycontrol.com###download_app_btn
www.moneycontrol.com##[href="https://www.moneycontrol.com/promos/pro.php"]

! https://m.businesstoday.in
m.businesstoday.in##.bt_socials
m.businesstoday.in##.hidegap.mainBorromSliderSec
m.businesstoday.in##.topad250

! https://www.thehindubusinessline.com
www.thehindubusinessline.com##.entrySubs
www.thehindubusinessline.com###mobilesubscripe
www.thehindubusinessline.com##.dashboardiconentry

! https://m.hindustantimes.com
||www.hindustantimes.com/images/app-images/2019/12/app_banner.jpg$image
m.hindustantimes.com###loggedout
m.hindustantimes.com###appinstall
hindustantimes.com##.ht_outbrain
hindustantimes.com##.epaper-ad
hindustantimes.com##.adHeight313
hindustantimes.com##.m_headBanner
hindustantimes.com##.adMinHeight313

! https://wap.business-standard.com
wap.business-standard.com###first_ad_bs
wap.business-standard.com##.m-right
wap.business-standard.com##.overlay12
wap.business-standard.com###cubeHtml
wap.business-standard.com###divnonpaidcontent

! https://www.outlookindia.com
www.outlookindia.com##.amp_banner

! https://www.bloombergquint.com
www.bloombergquint.com##.paywall-meter-module__story-paywall-container__1UgCE
www.bloombergquint.com##.share-toggle-module__share-button-top__1M_aL

! https://www.thehindu.com
www.thehindu.com##.mobileadsubentry
www.thehindu.com###budgetid
www.thehindu.com##.ad-ft
www.thehindu.com##.support-jlm

! https://www.firstpost.com
www.firstpost.com##.add-section

! https://www.india.com
india.com##.zee-points-items
www.india.com##.taboola-in-content
www.india.com##.appdownload
www.india.com##.coins-count-icom

! https://zeenews.india.com
zeenews.india.com##.bannertophead-ab
zeenews.india.com##.video-wrap
zeenews.india.com###get-app2
zeenews.india.com##.newsletterbpox
zeenews.india.com###livebtbox
zeenews.india.com##.outbrain-bg
||zeenews.india.com/live-tv/embed$subdocument
||english.cdn.zeenews.com/images/newsletter-envelop.gif$image

! https://swarajyamag.com
swarajyamag.com##.swarajya-nsubscribe
swarajyamag.com##.home-page-foot-subcribe-mobile
swarajyamag.com##.story-page-content-ad
swarajyamag.com##.mobile-insta-adv
swarajyamag.com##.subscribe-block-wrapper

! https://www.dnaindia.com
www.dnaindia.com##.video-wrap
||www.dnaindia.com/live-tv/embed$subdocument

! https://m.jagran.com
m.jagran.com###next-stories

! https://www.amarujala.com
www.amarujala.com##.ad-mb-app
www.amarujala.com##.text-link-ad
www.amarujala.com##.ad-mb
www.amarujala.com##[href^="/quiz"]
www.amarujala.com##.auplus-wdgt-story

! https://www.indiatvnews.com
www.indiatvnews.com##.ad.row

! https://www.bhaskar.com
www.bhaskar.com###downloadheader

! https://m.livehindustan.com
m.livehindustan.com##.app-quicklinks

! https://www.deccanchronicle.com
www.deccanchronicle.com##.horiAd

! https://m.mensxp.com
m.mensxp.com##.article-bottom-strip
m.mensxp.com###cart
m.mensxp.com###colombiaAdBox
m.mensxp.com##[href^="https://shop.mensxp.com/mens-grooming-kit/manbox-3"]

! https://www.quora.com
www.quora.com##.spacing_log_question_page_ad

! https://yourstory.com
yourstory.com##.sc-jotlie.sc-EHOje
yourstory.com##.sc-gNJABI
||yourstory.com/icons/ic_clap.svg$important

! https://www.bloomberg.com
www.bloomberg.com###banner-outlet
www.bloomberg.com##.page-ad

! https://www.thequint.com
www.thequint.com##.sticky-banner

! https://m.tribuneindia.com
m.tribuneindia.com###rwadx_adunit
m.tribuneindia.com##.news-date

! https://theprint.in
theprint.in##[href="https://theprint.in/contribute/"]
theprint.in##.post_contribute

! https://thediplomat.com
thediplomat.com###td-share-bar

! https://foreignpolicy.com
foreignpolicy.com##.FP-mobile-ad

! https://www.theguardian.com
www.theguardian.com##.new-header__cta-bar
www.theguardian.com##.u-cf.colophon

! https://m.telegraphindia.com
m.telegraphindia.com##.add-full-long

! https://www.scmp.com
www.scmp.com##.wrapper__mobile-wide-ad-container-1
www.scmp.com##.inline-ad-container

! https://scroll.in
scroll.in##.share-bar-mobile

! https://thewire.in
thewire.in##.postComplete__orcsnet

! https://m.thewire.in
m.thewire.in##.header_adcode
m.thewire.in##.language_header
m.thewire.in##.orcsnet_donate

! https://www.irctc.co.in
www.irctc.co.in###corover-cb-widget

! https://vanced.app
vanced.app###cookieConsent

! https://www.foxnews.com
www.foxnews.com##.ad-container

www.gizbot.com##.oiad-txt

###txt_audio
###jiosaavn-widget

##.corona-toolbarbtn
m.timesofindia.com##.maskindia
m.timesofindia.com##._2Q_0C
navbharattimes.indiatimes.com##[href="https://navbharattimes.indiatimes.com/maskindia"]
www.livemint.com###corona-div
news18.com##.my-space>[href="/coronavirus-latest-news/"]
news18.com###outer>[href="/coronavirus-latest-news/"]
news18.com##body>[href="/coronavirus-latest-news/"]
news18.com##.corona-toolbarbtn
hindi.news18.com##.corona-toolbarbtn
www.thehindubusinessline.com##.covidCubeMain
www.nytimes.com##.MAG_web_anon_coronavirus-dock
